your mission should you choose to accept
it I wonder did you have to choose not
to the end or was feared is coming and
the blood will be on your hand
the fallout offer all your good
intentions you had a terrible choice to
make in Berlin one life over millions
and now the world is at risk this is the
CIA's mission if he had held on to the
plutonium we wouldn't be having this
conversation this Tim you'd be dead
yes they would that's the job
[Music]
you don't understand what you're
involved in you need to walk away please
don't make me cuss for you how many
times has Huntz governments betrayed him
disavowed him cast him aside how long
before a man like that has had enough
the wheel
so how is he oh you know same always
there
what the hell are you doing find it best
not some hooker